2/5 live! 💥 Get AI Motion Effects at 50% off on Early Access!💥
                
                  
                    Claim now 
                  
                
              
              
                
              
            
          
      
      
          

            
                
                    
                         Trusted by  6M+ Happy Users 
                    
                       An AI Video Generator beyond Prompt to Video
                        
                        Turn text, scripts, or even a single idea into videos that attract views and keep audiences watching. Whether you’re making faceless YouTube explainers, UGC ads, shorts, or motion graphics, Steve AI helps you create, scale, and monetize without cameras, editors, or complex tools.
                        
                         Get iOS app
                        Generate AI Video Now
                    

                  
                
           
                
            

        

        

            

                
            
                    
            
                    
            
                    
                         
                    
            
            
              
            

        
        

               
                
                    
                    AI Video Maker For Any Niche
                    

                    
                    
                    
                         
                    
                    

                    
                        
                        
                             
                        
                        
                        
                        
                             
                        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                         00:11
                    
                    
                    
                
                

            
             
                    
                        From Idea To Viral Videos
                        Go from Prompt to Video, Script to Video, and Audio to Video with this patented AI tool to generate 7+ video output styles, including Animations, Generative AI, and Live training videos.
        
                        
                            
                                
                                    Text to Video with Generative AI
                                    
                                    This AI video maker uses custom image generation technology to effortlessly turn your thoughts into captivating educational videos, geopolitics video, kids’ storybooks, narrations, and more, bringing your creative visions to life.
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                        Try our AI Video Generator
                                    
                                    
                                

                                
                                    
                                    
                                        
                                        
                                    
                                    
                                
                                

        
                        
                        
                            
                                
                                Advanced Prompter
                                
                                    Skip the blank page. Our AI script generator shapes your tone, style, and length, giving you a ready-to-use script that turns straight into a finished video.
                                
                                
                                    
                                    Go from Prompt to Video
                                    
                                
                                

                                
                                
                                    
                                
                                
                            
                            

                        
                        
                            
                            Multi-Voice Storytelling
                            
                                Make your videos sound realistic. Assign lifelike AI voices to different characters for natural conversations, explainers, kids story video or UGC-style ads.
                            
                            
                                
                                Create AI Video
                                
                            
                            

                            
                            
                                
                                 
                                
                            
                            
                        
                        
                
                
                    
        
                

                
            
                Video Creators Are Winning With Steve AI
                    

                            
                                
                                
                                    
                                       
                                        
                                        
                                        

                                    
                                    
                                        Without Steve AI
                                        
                                             Spending hours on one video
                                             Struggling to grow their channel
                                             No budget for editors or voiceovers
                                             Stuck staring at a blank page
                                             Uploading, but not seeing results
                                        
                                    
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                    
                                       
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                    
                                    
                                        With Steve AI
                                        
                                             Create full videos in minutes
                                             Post more often, grow faster
                                             Everything you need, all in one place
                                             Get script and scene ideas instantly
                                             Quality videos that keep viewers watching
                                        
                                    
                                
                                
                            

                        
                    
                    
                            Try our AI Video Generator Now

                        
                

                  
                    
                        If You Can Imagine It,   You Can Make It
                        Bring your wildest ideas to life, your way
        
                        
                            
                                                    
                                    
                                            
                                                                                        
                                    
                                     
                                         AI Visual IQ
                                    
                                
                                
                            
                        
                         
                            
                                                    
                                    
                                            
                                            

                                    
                                
                                     
                                         AI Video Editor
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                       
                
                    
        
                

                 
                    
                        Most Complete AI Video Making Tool
                        Works with every format, style, and content idea you have.
        
                        
                           
                            
                                                    
                                    
                                        
                                        
                                    
                                
                                     
                                        From Animated AI TalkingHead Avatars to Making YouTube Intros
                                    
                                
                            
                        
        
                        
        
                        
                            
                                
                                
                                     
                                            
                                            

                                    
                                
                                
                                    AI Video Translator for 8+ Languages
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                     
                                            
                                            

                                    
                                
                                
                                    YouTube Automation
                                
                                
                            
                            
                    
                    
        
                

                 
                     Flexible Add-On’s For Every Creator        
                    
                        
                            Monthly
                            Annual +30% Off
                            
                        

                        
                        
                        
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                
                                    
                                    100 mins AI Videos /month
                                    800 AI Images & Premium Stock /month
                                    120 Sec Generative Credits
                                    1080p Video Resolution
                                    Up to 90% Human-like Voices
                                    No Steve AI Watermark
                                    Unlimited Video Exports
                                    300+ Animated Characters   
                                    
    
                                        
                                  
                                    
                                    
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                                
                             
                                
                               300 mins AI Videos /month
                                2400 AI Images & Premium Stock /month
                                120 Sec Generative Credits
                                2K Video Resolution
                                100% Human-like Voices
                                No Steve AI Watermark
                                Unlimited Video Exports
                                300+ Animated Characters
                                
                              
                                
                              
                                 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                                
                            
                                
                                400 mins AI Videos /month
                                3200 AI Images & Premium Stock /month
                                15 min Generative Credits
                                2K Video Resolution
                                100% Human-like Voices
                                No Steve AI Watermark
                                Unlimited Video Exports
                                300+ Animated Characters
                                
                                
                                
                               
                              
                            
                            
                        
                        

                        
                        
                            
                            
                                Free
                                $0
                            
                            
                                
                                
                                
                            
                            
                        
                        
                            
                            
                                Custom 
                                Enterprise Plan
                            
                            
                                
                                
                                
                            
                            
                        
                        
                        
                        Use FlexiCredits to unlock generative credits, power-ups, or premium assets, and pay only for what you need.
                        
                        
                        
                            
                        
                        

                      
                    

                  
                    
                        
                            
                                Get the  Mobile app
                                Built for busy creators who need to work on the go and publish instantly.
                                 
                               
                            
                        
                         

                    
                  
                      

                 
                    
                        Upcoming Features        
                       
                            
                                
                                     UGC Studio
                                     Use AI avatars, human-style virtual presenters, or digital clones to create testimonial style ads and sell products without ever showing your face.
                                
                                
                                
                                    
                                    
                                    

                                    
                                
                                
                            
                            

                                            
                      
                    
                        
                        
                        
                            
                            
                                
                                

                            
                            
                        
                        
                            AI MotionFX
                            Make static visuals pop with zoom, camera shakes, kinetic text, and motion trails.
                        
                        

                        
                        
                        
                            
                            
                                
                                

                            
                            
                        
                        
                            ClipMaker AI
                            Paste a tweet, image, or blog. Get an aesthetic, animated short instantly.
                        
                        
                    
                    

                    
                       
                      
                
                    
        
                

        
         
            
    
        Hear It From Our Happy Users
    

    
        
        
        
        
            “
            
            Standout advantage of Steve.AI lies in its seamless  integration of artificial intelligence, making video creation incredibly accessible. Learn more 
            
            ”
        
        
            Oren Arz
            Director
        
        

        
        
        

        
            “
            
            The biggest benefit of Steve.AI is that its functionality is completely based on artificial intelligence technologies. This has allowed the developers to make it a universal tool for users of any experience level, allowing you to create video content for any purpose.
            
            ”
        
        
            Eva Williams
            Manager at Fixthephoto.com 
        
        

        
        
        
        
            “
            
            Everything everyone else does - in one place for one price. What else do you need to know? Buy it?
            
            ”
        
        
            Peter A.
            Digital Marketing Manager
        
        
    
    

          

            
                Compliant For Global Teams & Audience
                
                
                    
                    GDPR Compliant
                    We prioritize data privacy, ensuring full compliance with EU regulations.
                
                
                    
                    ISO 27001
                    Your content is protected by strong, audited information security management practices.
                
                
                    
                    CyberGRX
                    Third-party risk management trusted by top enterprises and healthcare providers.
                
                
                
                Explore Steve AI for Enterprise
                

            

            
                        

                        

              
                    
                        Steve AI 3.0 Gains Media Attention
                        
                        
                        
                            
                            Steve AI launches Steve AI 3.0, to meet the rising demand for Faceless Content Creators in the Influencer market
                        
                        

                        
                        
                            
                            Steve AI launches Steve AI 3.0 to Meet the Demand for Faceless Content Creators
                        
                        

                        
                            
                            
                            5 Faceless Video-making Ideas For Camera-shy People
                            
                        
                        
                    
                 

        

  
    
      Insights, Strategies & Tips For Faceless Video Creators
     
      
        
          
          AI voice over and the rise of faceless marketing
        
      
  
      
        
          
          How to Create a Faceless Video Using AI
        
      
  
        
            
            
            5 Faceless Video-making Ideas For Camera-shy People
            
        
      
    
  
  

    

    
        
            
                
                    
                        Frequently Asked Questions 
                    
                
                
                    
                        
                            
                            
                                
                                
                                    
                                       
                                        Yes, Steve AI is free to try. It’s a great way to explore our AI video generator before upgrading for more downloads and premium features.
                                       
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                
                                    
                                        Many tools offer video creation, but users consistently rate Steve AI as the best AI video generator for its ease of use, value for money, and quality of output. We’re also proud to be a 5-star rated platform on Product Hunt.
                                        
                                        
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                
                                    
                                        Yes, Steve AI is safe and trusted by global teams. The platform is GDPR compliant, certified with ISO 27001 for robust information security, and part of CyberGRX, ensuring third-party risk management at enterprise standards. Your projects and data are always handled with privacy and protection in mind.
                                        
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                
                                    
                                        Yes! With the free plan, you get 20 minutes of AI videos per month, 200 AI asset credits, unlimited video generation, and even 2 free local download. You can also publish directly to YouTube, making it easy to start creating videos.
                                        
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                
                                    
                                        Absolutely! Just type in your idea or prompt, and Steve AI instantly generates ready to publish videos with visuals, narration, and music.
                                    
                                
                            
                                                        
                            
                                
                                
                                    
                                        Steve AI is an AI video generation tool that converts any text or script into engaging videos within minutes. Our AI video creator is designed to make video creation fast, simple, and accessible to everyone.
                                    
                                
                            
                                                        
                            
                                
                                
                                    
                                        With Steve AI, you can create explainers, storytelling videos, kids’ content, promo ads, generative videos, animation videos, and even geopolitical news videos. 
                                    
                                
                            
                                                        
                            
                                
                                
                                    
                                        Yes, there’s an iOS app that enables you to create and edit videos anywhere. Perfect for creators on the go looking to create quick social media content.
                                    
                                
                            
                                                        
                            
                                
                                
                                    
                                        Once your video is ready, just click “Download.” On the free plan, you get unlimited video generation and 2 local download, plus the option to publish directly to YouTube. Paid plans unlock HD quality and watermark-free downloads.
                                    
                                
                            
                                
                                
                                
                                    
                                        Users rate Steve AI as the best AI video generator because it’s easy to use, delivers high-quality output, and offers great value for money. It’s the only tool with 3 patents, a one-stop shop for all video needs, and trusted by both B2C creators and B2B teams with full AI compliance and security. Backed by Animaker (a G2 Top 5 design product in the world) and 5-star rated on Product Hunt, Steve AI leads the way in AI-powered video creation.
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
            
        
    

    
        Steve AI isn’t just another video tool. It’s built for faceless creators who want to share ideas, grow an audience, and earn without being on camera. From turning text into videos to adding voices, motion effects, or UGC-style ads, everything you need to create and scale lives in one place.
        
            Start Now