Video Editing Features
            FlexClip provides a set of easy-to-use editing features to quicken the video creation process. Check out these features and turn your creativity into amazing videos now.
            
                Make a Free Video
            
        
    
    
        
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Trim Video
                            Cut your videos without any quality loss to ensure that you get the desired clips quickly.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Add Music
                            Add your favorite audio or background music and edit it to match your video clips perfectly.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Add Text
                            Add your caption text to the video and edit it to get your ideas across fast and clearly.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Record Voiceover
                            Record your voice and add the narration to explain the video content to audiences.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Video Merger
                            Combine multiple video clips and photos into one single video in a matter of minutes.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Video Watermark
                            Add a watermark to your video and customize it to protect the copyright of your artworks.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Aspect Ratio
                            Choose the best aspect ratio for the video to make it compatible with different platforms or devices.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Video Resolution
                            Select the best video resolution for your video story and export it for different purposes.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Photo to Video
                            Easily make a video from your personal pictures and edit it to make the video unique.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Split Video
                            Everyone can use FlexClip to split the large video file into several smaller segments easily and fast.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Zoom Video
                            The simple-to-use video zoomer allows you to zoom in or zoom out any video clip with a few clicks.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Add Logo to Video
                            Add a logo to video for multiple purposes in clicks, even text logo will do.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Rotate Video
                            Rotate videos quickly by 90 degrees clockwise and counterclockwise without any difficulty.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Adjust Video
                            Edit brightness, contrast, saturation, vignette, shadows, tint etc. of your video to make it perfect.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Video Transition
                            Add cool transition effects to your video to blend your clips and photos together.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Photo Animation
                            Use photo animation effects to make your video more interesting!
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Video Filter
                            Add filter to your video and give it a perfect look now.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Video Speed
                            Try our video speed changer to speed up or slow down a video in seconds.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Text Animation
                            Easily make the text animated and craft a fantastic text video now.
                        
                    
                
                            
                                        
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            Media Library
                            Choose from millions of stock photos, video footages, and music to create a custom video.
                        
                    
                
                    
    

    

        
    
    
        
            
        
        
        
            Create Your First Video With FlexClip Now
            
                Get Started - Free